README.md, before:

# :package_description

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/:vendor_slug/:package_slug.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/:vendor_slug/:package_slug)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/:vendor_slug/:package_slug/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/:vendor_slug/:package_slug/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/:vendor_slug/:package_slug/fix-php-code-style-issues.yml?branch=main&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/:vendor_slug/:package_slug/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/:vendor_slug/:package_slug.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/:vendor_slug/:package_slug)
<!--delete-->
---
This repo can be used to scaffold a Laravel package. Follow these steps to get started:

1. Press the "Use this template" button at the top of this repo to create a new repo with the contents of this skeleton.
2. Run "php ./configure.php" to run a script that will replace all placeholders throughout all the files.
3. Have fun creating your package.
4. If you need help creating a package, consider picking up our <a href="https://laravelpackage.training">Laravel Package Training</a> video course.
---
<!--/delete-->
This is where your description should go. Limit it to a paragraph or two. Consider adding a small example.

## Support us

[<img src="https://github-ads.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/:package_name.jpg?t=1" width="419px" />](https://spatie.be/github-ad-click/:package_name)

We invest a lot of resources into creating [best in class open source packages](https://spatie.be/open-source). You can support us by [buying one of our paid products](https://spatie.be/open-source/support-us).

We highly appreciate you sending us a postcard from your hometown, mentioning which of our package(s) you are using. You'll find our address on [our contact page](https://spatie.be/about-us). We publish all received postcards on [our virtual postcard wall](https://spatie.be/open-source/postcards).

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require :vendor_slug/:package_slug
```

You can publish and run the migrations with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=":package_slug-migrations"
php artisan migrate
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=":package_slug-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
return [
];
```

Optionally, you can publish the views using

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=":package_slug-views"
```

## Usage

```php
$variable = new VendorName\Skeleton();
echo $variable->echoPhrase('Hello, VendorName!');
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [:author_name](https://github.com/:author_username)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update: run configure, update README, .gitignore, filenames and namespaces

README.md, after:

# A package to easily create and manage a sound map with Laravel

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/codiceovvio/soundmap)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/codiceovvio/soundmap)

With Laravel Sound Map you can create and manage a Leaflet map to add and display sound recordings as well as images and texts, attaching them to map markers.
This package is primarily intended to use for sound map development, but it can be customized with any content type you may need to display and geolocate.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require codiceovvio/soundmap
```

You can publish and run the migrations with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="soundmap-migrations"
php artisan migrate
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="soundmap-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
return [
];
```

Optionally, you can publish the views using

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="soundmap-views"
```

## Usage

```php
$soundmap = new CodiceOvvio\Soundmap();
echo $soundmap->echoPhrase('Hello, CodiceOvvio!');
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Codice Ovvio](https://github.com/codiceovvio)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
